Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
What are you doing?
Put me down.
Put me down! Ugh!
Yah!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Do you ever have one of those
moments where you think. "how
the hell did I get here?"
[ The Who's "Baba O'Riley" plays ]
Geez. what happened to me?
I was ruling the galaxy. had a
cherry-new battle station...
I mean. this place had an omelet
bar... a straight-up omelet bar!
And now look.
My former intern's tossing me
down a bottomless freaking pit.
[ Sighs ]
You know. come to think of it.
my whole life has been a series
of "what the [bleep]" moments.
That. uh... That was my out.
I didn't always look like
a boiled cow hemorrhoid.
Cast your eyes on that
handsome devil right there.
Don't be alarmed if your undies
turn into a moist towelette.
And that is where we'll put
the skylight. Mr. Palpatine.
How exciting!
Only 23 and already building my dream
home. right on the Naboo beach.
[ Crowd booing ]
Hey. man. stop harshing
those gungan eggs!
Gungans are endangered. man!
Hippies suck ass in every galaxy.
What? Gungans aren't endangered.
There's like a billion of them.
They breed like guppies.
Boo! Boo! Boo on you. man!
Boo on you. dude!
[ Engine turns over ]
[ Crowd screaming ]
And that is why we should
change the zoning law.
And what of the gungan eggs?
We'll give 'em to the
school hot-lunch program.
[ Applause ]
Heesa say what now?
Young man. you should consider
a career in politics.
Hey. yeah. I should.
And I did.
[ "Baba O'Riley" continues ]
You're welcome. galaxy.
Never did thank that guy.
And so. emperor Palpatine has
followed up the bloodiest war in
the history of the galaxy
by imposing a tyrannical
dictatorship and killing all the Jedi.
I've ruined the galaxy.
Wheel! Of! Fortune!
Ooh!
[ "Baba O'Riley" continues ]
See that little cub scout?
Anakin Skywalker. baby.
Eventually. I pick him to
rule the galaxy by my side.
Are you an angel?
What?
The deep-space pilots talk about
how beautiful angels are.
No. I'm not an angel.
Are you a fairy?
Fairies aren't real. either.
Are you an elephant?
[ Sighs ]
I'm not gonna sugar-coat this.
Mistakes were made.
I really should have extended the
selection process for... Oh. no.
Please don't pick your... [ Sighs ]
Ladies and gentlemen. Darth Vader.
[ Laughs ]
[ "Baba O'Riley" continues ]
I know you don't believe me now. but
I promise it's all gonna be okay.
Apparently. we are contractually obligated
to follow that dumb kid's story. too.
That's what happens when you
sell the most action figures.
Thank you. fanboys.
Who's this guy?
He's not in my notecards.
Is he gonna have a story. too?
[ Alarm beeping ]
Huh? Ugh.
Argh!
[ Beeping stops ]
Gary. you'll be late for work!
His name's Gary?
I'm sorry. I'm confused.
Are we doing my story. or are we
just doing some random. pointless...
[ farting ]
Ah.
Welcome to "Robot Chicken." apparently.
[ Laughs ]
[ Drilling. sawing ]
[ Electricity crackling ]
[ Mechanical breathing ]
[ Whimsical version
of "The Imperial March" plays ]
[ Laughs ]
Whoo-hoo!
Now. this is pod racing.
Did anyone else pick
up that transmission?
It sounds like a little girl
is on our comm channel.
Aw.
Much fear I sense in young Anakin.
To be trained as a
Jedi. he must not be.
He could bring balance to the force.
Correct you are.
I thought you said that would be bad.
Fm the prophecy. that boy could be.
Can I ask what the prophecy is?
Why is that something I don't know?
I will tell him of the
council's decision tomorrow.
Oh. so it's a council now?
It's not just the two of you?
What about you. dogface?
Did you know what now it was a council?
Inform the senate we must of our
lessened ability to use the force.
Who can't use the force now?
I can still use the force.
Let's put that one to a vote. because
I don't even know what that means.
Does anyone realize that I'm talking?
Enough for today.
We should eat.
Getting pizza. yarel poof should do.
All in favor?
All: Aye!
Ugh!
I just got the coffee yesterday.
and I submitted the receipt.
have yet to be reimbursed.
Is anyone else having this issue?
But oh. look. if it's the will
of the council. then I'll go.
All: Aye!
Fine!
Listen. yaddle. I'm gonna
need to borrow your car.
Um...
In the shop it is?
I just saw it downstairs.
Well. insurance and...
Okay. then I am going.
I am one of 12 Jedi in the whole
galaxy on the Jedi council. and
today. it's my job to get the pizza.
Sure. Yeah. my parents...
They're very proud.
[ Laughs ]
Bam! Rejected!
Re-re-rejected!
[ Imitates gun cocking ]
Ba-boom!
Rejected!
Bam!
Do-do doodle-do!
Do-do do-do doodle-do!
Do-do doodle-doodle-d... This is my room
for talking about nonsexual matters.
Please. Annie. sit.
We need to talk about us. how...
[ Sniffing ]
Is that lavender?
Do you like it?
I like to smell senatorial.
Padmé. from the moment I met you.
I've thought about you every day.
That's nice.
I think of the senate
almost every day.
I'm a senator. you know.
I'm in agony. Padmé!
I can't breathe!
Have you tried yoga?
All us politicians do it.
Ungh. Ungh. that's tight.
[ Moaning ]
If. uh. you're suffering as
much as I am. please tell me.
Oh. Annie.
You're a Jedi. and I'm a queen
and a handmaiden and a senator.
[ Moans ]
Ugh.
Whoops-a-Daisy.
Uhh...
Let's get you clean. dirty boy.
[ Whirs. beeps ]
Sorry.
You're in my very soul. tormenting me.
Ungh.
I wish I could just
wish away my feelings.
But I can't!
I will not get into this.
And neither will you.
Throw it back. dad.
[ Clang ]
Dad?
Henceforth. you shall be
known as Darth Vader.
Thank you. my master.
Hey. before you go. my
face is really warm.
Is everything okay up here?
I don't know.
What do you mean?
[ Sniffs ]
Ah. Ah-ah... Ow!
Ah. ah. ow! My face!
It's on fire!
Well. there is a possibility
that when you were fighting
Mace Windu. he deflected some of your
force lightning back into your face.
Are you kidding me? How much?
[ Laughing ] A lot.
I don't think there was one bolt
of force lightning that didn't
bounce off master Windu's light
saber directly back into your face.
And you just sat there and watched?
Well. uh. turning to the dark
side was a pretty big decision.
Oh. my God. I look like... I look
like I have a scrotum for a face!
What am I supposed to call
myself... Darth Syphilis?!
If you'd made up your mind five
seconds earlier. we could have
ruled the galaxy and maybe I could have
gotten laid one more time before I died.
Uh. I can see you're upset.
I'm just gonna go slaughter
those younglings.
Yeah. whatever.
They didn't have calamari pizza
because mon calamari are
people. and I did not know that.
[ Gasping ]
Is everyone on the council dead?
Oh. I better hurry. then.
My time is short!
[ As Yoda ] "Hey. everyone. I'm Yoda.
Mmm. talk weird. I do.
Hate leads to anger. and anger leads
to never letting anyone else talk!"
Ah! Oh. no!
[ Laughs ]
Hey. dummy. I'm gonna call you
Darth Mat from now on. as in
"what do you call a guy with no arms and
no legs laying on the front porch?"
Mat.
Darth Mat.
[ Sobbing ]
Okay. okay. it's okay.
We're gonna make this all better.
I'm hooking you up with a super suit.
life support. new gams... leather.
You hear that?
My boy gets the finest
leather you've got.
Full-body... black leather...
I see what you're going for.
Oh. and a cape. Yeah.
A cape would be pretty wizard.
And a sweet voice box.
And flashing lights.
Sure. sure.
Built-in helicopter blades.
Remote-control flying fists.
Can we just put this idiot under?
Vader. rise.
[ Mechanical breathing ]
[ "Star Wars theme/Cantina Band" plays ]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Tarkin!
Let me go!
[ Stomach rumbling ]
Uh-oh.
Hmm. is it one of ese...
Flip the switch... o..
[ Soft music plays ]
Ooh. that's nice.
[ Farts ]
[ Siren wails ]
[ Whimsical music plays ]
[ Boing! ]
[ Gasps. choking ]
[ Air hisses ]
[ Coughs ]
Whew.
[ Toilet flushes ]
No!
[ Auto-tuned ] No! No! No!
You rang. lord Vader?
[ Normal voice ] No.
Oops!
No!
[ Sobbing ]
Beginning to see a pattern
here. quite frankly.
Choose your apprentice in haste.
repent in leisure. as the saying goes.
It's like Darth Pl...
Do you know how long I kept talking
before I realized you people were gone?!
You could have told me that you
were gonna... You know what. you
know what. I don't want to
get into this right now.
Let's just keep going.
Excellent!
Order 66 was a complete success.
My master. what were
the first 65 orders?
I'm glad you asked!
[ Ding ]
Ohh... ♪ Capture me a wookiee.
kick a princess in the cookie ♪
♪ sabotage the espionage
of a bothan spy ♪
♪ activate the trash compactor.
let's protect the main reactor ♪
♪ stab a smuggler in the
jugular and watch him die ♪
♪ corrupt a teen from Tatooine ♪
♪ manipulate a gungan and
kill Naboo's queen ♪
♪ trap a mon calamari. take
a tauntaun hoth safari ♪
♪ hit a topless bar on Mustafar
with artist Ralph McQuarrie ♪
♪ ohh ♪
♪ number 13. find investors ♪
♪ number 14. make a death star ♪
♪ while you're at it. draw some
plans up for my death star 2 ♪
♪ unmask a dirty jawa ♪
♪ crank-call general dodonna ♪
♪ clone a load of cannon
fodder out kamino ♪
[ String breaks ]
You know what?
I'll just e-mail you
a PDF or something.
If you don't have the time. then
whenever you get around to it.
[ Hair dryer whirring ]
You're an attractive man for your age.
I am an attractive man for my age.
You have a lot to offer a woman.
I have a lot to offer a woman.
[ Elevator dings ]
Hold the elevator!
I'll remember this!
What's your I.D. number?
It's 1-1-4-2-eat-my-ass.
[ Sighs ]
Come on. come on. come on.
[ Elevator dings ]
Oh. I-I'll get the next one.
Plenty of room.
No. no. I'll just take the escalator.
Squeeze on in.
I'd rather my robes didn't
smell like a [bleep]
filet-o-fish all day. thanks.
That's hurtful. man.
Well. next time. just let it go.
Let it go.
[ Sighs ]
My lord.
Stormtrooper.
Yup.
My lord.
Uh-huh.
Yo.
My lord.
Mm-hmm.
[ Sighs ] Stormtrooper.
My lord.
Stormtrooper. my lord.
Stormtrooper.
My lord.
Stormtrooper. stormtrooper.
st-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah!
My lord.
Ugh.
Go [bleep] yourself.
My lord.
Go [bleep] yourself!
My lord?
Aw.
Whazzup?!
Good afternoon. ma'am.
I'm selling fire insurance and would love...
No. thanks.
[ Sighs ]
We'll get one. We'll get one.
So all the clones were
like. "pow. pow. pow!"
And it was awesome.
Jedi bodies everywhere.
It was so awesome.
I'm sure you killed all
the Jedi. my master.
Of course I got them all. yo.
It wouldn't have been
awesome if I'd missed any.
Hmm.
I'll have the bisque.
And I'll have the cream of spinach.
but not with that ladle. clumsy.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
Ladle. Ladle. ladle. ladle.
Ooh. cobbler.
"Ladle." That's a funny word.
Wait.
I sense disturbance in the force.
[ Whimpering ]
You didn't give us any crackers!
Everyone I know is dead.
Uh. have you got any
more mac and cheese?
Yes. we do!
[ Humming ]
Hey. Gary. could you cove for
me while I hit the head?
I'm sitting on a cigar here.
You mean drive the death star?!
No. man. I can't do that.
Come on. man. I'm growing a tail!
All right. okay.
Gone from prevention to triage!
Clean-up on aisle my shorts!
Come on. man. Where are you?
[ Alarm blares ]
Warning.
On course for impact.
What?!
Oh! No! Uh...Uh... no!
Oh. no! Oh. no. no. no!
[ Metal screeching ]
Ow!
Ugh!
Aah!
Hungh!
[ Choking ]
N-n-n-no!
What the...
Aah! Oh.
Come on. Gary! Use the force!
Go. go. go. go. go!
All right. everybody.
Back to class.
Aww!
My daddy works there.
He shot first. And last.
He doesn't use the force.
He just uses force.
He has never called
anything "wizard."
He has never "had a bad
feeling about this."
Line.
Boba Fett is... the most interesting
bounty hunter in the galaxy.
Do you speak bocce?
Of course I do. sir.
It's like a second language to me.
I'm as fluent in bocce...
All right. shut up.
What about Spanish?
Spanish?
Yeah. Do you speak Spanish?
Um. I-I... I am C-3PO. human cyborg
relations. and I'm fluent in
over 6 million forms of...
Uh-oh!
En este clase. nosotros
hablamos en español.
Bueno? Bueno.
Me llamo Alfonso. Y tu?
Me...Llamo?
Sí.
C-3PO.
Sí. 3PO.
Bueno.
No. no. C-3PO.
Sí. 3PO.
Sí?
C-3PO.
Sí! Mira! 3PO!
No. I'm saying my name
begins with the letter "C."
En este clase. hablas en español.
Entiendes?
But...
Sientate.
3PO! Andele! Andele!
Oh.
[ Whirring. beeping ]
Hey. Arturito!
En español. por favor!
[ Beeps sadly ]
Well. do you speak Spanish or not?
Sí...
3PO.
[ Channels changing ]
What are you doing?
You're supposed to be
out plowing the field.
It's hot.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Come on. man. It's your job.
Uh. not really feeling it.
Hey. could you move a little?
You're totally blocking my view.
Uncle Owen. this droid
has a bad motivator!
And then Lord Vader shows up. and he's all...
"What's this little girl doing here?"
It was not a good day to be wearing white
armor... Let's just put it that way.
I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
I'm so happy you two stopped by.
You know. I thought going door to door
looking for those droids was gonna suck.
But if it gets me out of the
heat and filled up with cookies
and blue milk. I'm all for it.
And speaking of blue milk. could
I use your bathroom. Beru?
Of course.
Down the hall on the left.
[ Humming ]
"Apply directly to rectal fissures"?
Ugh!
Uh-oh.
Not good!
Not good. not good.
Uh...
Oh [bleep].
Uh. uh. uh. uh...
Oh. it's spreading. Oh.
Uh. Carl. we should go. Now.
Don't be silly. Gary.
You haven't even seen the droids yet.
Oh. that's okay.
I don't think they're the
droids we're looking for.
All right. all right. Gary.
Hi. Beru.
Ooh. it's hot out there.
Owen. these young men are here to see
the droids you bought yesterday.
[ Sniffs ]
Is something burning?
Got to go!
Thanks for your time!
Gary. what's wrong with you?
It's like 165 deg look!
Oh. my God. Owen!
Beru. what are you doing?
Call the fire department!
My photo albums!
I can't leave them!
No. baby. no!
We'll make new memories!
Run. Just run.
Oh. now we're running.
Single file. single file!
We'll blame it on the sand people!
[ Screaming ]
Oh. I'm burning alive!
Uncle Owen and aunt Beru...
They're dead.
Just like those jawas.
Oh. the jawas weren't dead.
They were just stunned.
There's nothing you
could have done. Luke.
Had you been there. you would
have been killed. too. and the
droids would now be in
the hands of the empire.
But look on the bright side.
The bright side?
Yes. I'd say this makes you the proud
owner of one kick-ass sandcrawler!
Holy crap! Yeah!
[ "Main theme from Star Wars" plays ]
[ Roars ]
[ "Yakety Sax" plays ]
Boo-yah!
Look out!
Filthy sand people.
Arr-duh! Arr-duh!
Hey. try digesting this donut!
Oh. I'm old. remember.
I can make it!
No. Luke...
It's too dangerous.
Yee-haw!
Looks like Luke and old Ben bit off
a mite more than they could chew.
Right? "Dukes of Hazzard"?
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
There's no need to drag this out.
The pay-off's pretty weak.
So. um. let's see.
Trying to find the
"pause" button here.
Whole thing was just a
bull-crap camera-angle trick.
Sorry to string you along like that.
Tell you what... We'll take
a break. come back fresh.
Arrested for stealing imperial bread
to feed my starving grandchildren.
How can they execute me for that?
[ Lasers firing ]
Aren't you a little short
for a stormtrooper?
I'm Luke Skywalker.
I'm here to rescue you.
[ Lasers firing ]
[ Silence ]
They'll be back.
I'll just wait.
I'll totally check the basement.
Oh. no!
Don't you go in there. girl!
[ Buzzing ]
Uh. Mr. Feet?
Mr. Bob A. Feet?
Sure. whatever.
It sounds like the
rebels are attacking!
They came back for me!
All right. kid. now let's
blow this thing and go home!
[ Lasers firing ]
What was that. now?
[ Screaming ]
Uh-oh.
Ah. crap. I am in trouble.
[ Metal pinging ]
Ooh. there's that quarter
I dropped earlier.
Oh. this is gonna drive
me [bleep] bananas.
Gotcha! Oh. missed it.
Gotcha! Missed it.
I have you now.
Oh! The club soda dispenser!
Aw. hell.
They told me it was a bad
idea. and I didn't listen.
Then I choked them with magic.
Oh. man.
Oh. this is... This is nauseating.
Whew. Uh...
[ Unzipping ]
I think I have some dramamine
in my shaving kit.
Nope. that's hotel soap. Whoops.
Well. that's what I get.
I never use that hotel soap.
but I steal it every time.
Oh. I know I should help him.
but I can't look away.
Damn it!
I'll see you in hell.
Did you say something?
What? No.
No. uh. I was just...
No.
Maurice. you must go to the...
Oh. looks like I missed my window here.
The guy who sold it to me. he
was like. "well. you know. it
flies like this." and I was like. "that doesn't
seem exactly right." but you know what?
Pretty damn comfortable.
Did I do okay on hors d'oeuvres?
Everyone get enough to eat?
Hey. guys.
I brought my cousin THX-1138.
Hope that's cool.
[ Loud harmonic THX effect ]
Hey. I don't want to be a jerk.
but your cousin's got to
get the [bleep] out of here.
You know. I've never met
another wookiee. Chewie. so
it'll be great to finally
meet your family.
You mean to tell me you've
been naked all these years.
[ Growling ]
What's in the cave?
Only what you take with you.
Your weapons...
You will not need them.
Stutter. did I? Hmm?
Ugh. no use there is.
Do what Luke will do. Luke will do.
[ Lightsaber humming ]
[ Screaming ]
Oh [bleep].
Oh. no! No!
Killed him you did!
I-I-I-I thought it was Darth Vader!
Just some dude it was!
The reason I say no weapons this is!
In my defense. you phrased
that as more of a suggestion.
Think you would straight cut
his head off I did not!
He kind of looks like me.
Yes. kind of look like you he did!
Jump out and scare you he would.
then reveal his face he would.
and blown your mind would be!
What was the point?
To make you think!
Oh. like I was fighting myself
or something like... What?
To make you think!
Oh. did you hear that. Chewie?
He had no choice!
Wait. wait. wait. wait... [ Growls ]
I'm backwards. you idiot!
Oh... [ chuckles ]
But look at that caboose.
Oh. aye-aye. captain. durr!
Odd choice. man.
I guess you're under a lot of pressure
at the moment. so I shouldn't judge.
Oh. oh. God!
What the [bleep] man?!
What the [bleep] just
hit me in the eye?
Who's doing that?
Who's shooting [bleep]
at my [bleep] face?
Oh. is this yours?
Oh. I'm sorry. man.
My face seemed to get in the way
of your flying metal massage wand...
Sorry about that.
Don't skimp on my umbrellas!
You know what they say...
Let a smile be your umbrella...
Well. my face is a
big letter "T."
I forget the point.
I forgot the point.
You got any more
umbrellas. ellas. ellas?
[ Laughs ]
Whoops. I got it.
Hey. you okay to fly. man?
Hey. trust me. Isaac.
I drunk better when I drive.
Whoa. leave no child behind.
On dancer. on prancer.
on java and blitzen.
Whoa. oh. Party foul.
You made me drink my spill.
I mean. you made me drink my...
I'm gonna shoot you.
Hey!
You. sir. are an asshole.
[ Laughs ]
I called Jodie foster an asshole.
Whoa!
And now. a sweet treat that's hard to
beat. and I don't mean my teat meat!
Are these hypoallergenic?
Why do I have a t-shirt cannon?
Boba Fett!
Present.
Boba Fett?
Tastes like your mama's kisses.
Where?!
Aah!
Hey. good lookin'.
I'll be back to pick you up later.
[ Chokes ]
[ Grunting ]
Wow. I'm kind of a badass.
We're going to the Dagobah System. R2.
But first. we better get some fuel.
[ Beeps. whirs ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Buzz ]
Ugh.
[ Ding ]
[ Sighs ]
Ugh!
[ Groans ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Engine turns over ]
Ugh!
Argh!
[ Growling ]
Back from the dead. assholes!
No!
How about a little fire. Scarecrow?
[ Screaming ]
Take it like a man. Snowflake.
Hey. I guess this deal's
getting worse all the time.
[ Laughs ]
Hey. Sarlaac!
Here come the fudge!
Now. don't you go swimming
for at least 20 minutes.
[ Growling ]
Sit. Cujo. sit.
Good dog.
Boba Fett!
I know. I know.
I shouldn't wear fur.
But I saw it. and I
just had to have it.
Do you hate me?
I can't see.
Oh. right. the carbon freeze.
Oh. it took your sight for a tick.
Let me be your seeing-eye Fett.
Aah!
Boba. you got your money
for turning me in... Shh.
Don't spoil it. sweetheart.
This one's for the love of the game.
What are you gonna do?
If only you could see what I hear.
Tauntauns?
Couple of funny facts...
You're heavier than I thought.
and tauntauns never forget.
[ Screaming ]
Whoa. and I thought he smelled bad...
say it with me now... on the outside!
It's beautiful!
Hey. hey. let me go!
Let me go!
No. no!
[ Screaming ]
Boba.
The whole thing was just a dream?
"Yes" with an "if."
"no" with a "but."
We are in the pit.
But I took solo and the
whiny blond kid out. right?
Uh. no. you didn't.
[ Rumbling ]
Well. the Sarlaac ate some
more sand people. though.
You feel like tusken food tonight?
[ Sighs ]
I guess.
What was your dream about?
I don't... I don't remember.
Was it a naughty dream?
Uh...
Was I in it?
The [bleep] weequay?!
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah. you know I was in it.
Leia...Leia. hear me.
I got you.
Leia...
I think I'm about to be mugged.
About to be what?
Man [bleep] you.
Enjoy the view. weather vane.
[ Groans ]
Come on. man!
Get this mother [bleep] off me!
Ugh!
No!
Man! [bleep] man. we
got a gig tonight!
How we supposed to play some gig with the
horn guy dead and the singer woman dead?
Man!
[bleep] man!
Come on!
Aw. no!
Piano all busted up. man!
Them dead. the piano all dead.
Mother [bleep] man. we
got a gig tonight. man!
What the [bleep] is that thing?!
Giant old [bleep] thing with
teeth gonna eat me up. man!
Yo. jazz stereotype!
How about tossing down a rope?!
Ain't no rope up here. man.
We're not picky.
Ain't nobody up here. man.
You talking to you self.
You having a dream. man.
I got a gig tonight. man.
I will [bleep] kill you.
Don't you leave me down here
with this talking walnut!
You know what? That hurts me.
That is one of the 10.
One of the what?
One of the 10?
9 times out of 10. I enjoy a good
joshing. but one out of every 10...
I will pay you 10 million space
dollars for a [bleep] rope!
Aw. man.
I'm so [bleep] tired.
I got my feet hurting. man.
But I got to make it to the gig. man!
Don't never miss no gig!
I'm here. man! I made it!
I walked across the desert. man!
[ "Cantina Band" plays ]
No! You gave the gig away. man?!
That's [bleep] up. man!
I'm 30 minutes late. man!
That's jazz time. man!
Sy Snootles and Droopy
McCool dead in vain. man!
You know what? You all suck.
I'm gonna go throw myself
in that desert [bleep].
[ Saxophone playing ]
The emperor has made a critical
error. and the time is...
I'm sorry. who the hell are you?
Prune face. ma'am.
Anyway.
The emperor has made a cr...
When the face is a prune. then action goes boom!
♪ Action! Excitement! ♪
♪ slaying loads of sweet ass ♪
♪ prune face ♪
[ Ding ]
Well. then. glad to have
you aboard. prune face.
You'll be a great asset to this...
Actually. I lied.
I'm just here to fix the copier machine.
[ Sighs ]
[ Clears throat ]
The emperor has...
It's your toner. probably.
♪ Prune face ♪
♪ prune face ♪
[ Humming "Cantina Theme"
seductively ]
♪ It's a ♪
♪ tra-a-a-a-p ♪
You're thinking of
eating me. aren't you?
I'm thinking the same thing. [bleep].
Are you sure this is okay?
You're in-country. dude.
Live a little.
Now. she's pretty sensitive. so
go easy on the throttle. okay?
All right.
Whaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Oh. crazy kid.
This is so awesome!
It's like a dream!
Whoo! [ Laughs ]
Yeah!
Bear!
[ Screaming ]
Uh... God. oh. man. I
hit that little thing.
[ Screaming ]
Oh. my God.
Oh. geez. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Listen.
This is my first ride on...
Oh. God. oh.
Oh. God!
Okay. pal.
You know what?
I'm gonna take care of this.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I'm just gonna put you out
of your furry misery. okay?
[ Screaming ]
Oh. God! Oh. God! Oh. no!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'll fix it!
More pain. I promise!
No more pain!
You're going to a better place now.
Gary. where'd you go. man?
[ Screams ]
Oh! Ew.
Gary?
All good here. Be back soon.
It's like a dream. Over.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
[ Screaming ]
You got to shut up. man.
I know it hurts. I know.
Just... just keep it to yourself!
[ Screaming ]
Sorry.
[ Sobbing ]
I'm so sorry.
You were so cute.
Okay. okay.
Pull it together. You're okay.
It's over. G.
[ Laughs nervously ]
What's up. y'all?
Oh. schnizzle.
Me and chief drinks-a-lot over
here. we was just putting back a
few. and. you know.
Glug-glug-glug-glug-glug!
[ Laughs ]
Right?!
Right?
Right.
And now. young Skywalker.
you will die.
[ Screams ]
[ Screaming ]
Wow. I feel like my entire
career led up to this moment.
Feels good.
I see you. buddy.
Crazy. This is your son. huh?
Guess you owe me one for getting you out of
20-odd years of back child support. huh?
God. his teeth are so yellow.
I guess when you look like a
melted candle. flossing would
just seem like pissing in the wind.
[ Screaming ]
Father!
Oh. man.
Was I that whiny when I was a kid?
How come no one says "wizard" anymore?
[ Screaming ]
Wow. this lightning really hurts.
Like. really bad.
I know it's probably not cool. but
I'm thinking about playing dead.
[ Screaming ]
Nope. can't do it.
This is so painful. I literally
cannot stop screaming.
I can't lie... If the emperor asked me
to kill my dad. I'm 50/50 on saying yes.
That's how bad it hurts.
Looked right in the lightning.
God. it's like looking
into a laser pointer.
It's a completely different but
equally painful type of pain.
Oh. I'm gonna be seeing
spots for like an hour.
Hey. wait a minute.
How is that my kid if this knob-job
says I killed my pregnant wife?
It's a madhouse! A madhouse!
Wow. you're really looking
into my soul there. buddy.
Seriously. dude. what is it?
Oh. my God. is he...
Is he gonna try and kiss me?
Is my dad gonna kiss the emperor?
Oh. my God.
This is happening.
Stay away from me. you idiot!
Hey. listen. I don't mean to be a pain.
but I'm gonna have to ask for a raise.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?!
You guys are busy.
Put... put me down!
I'll come back later.
Put me down!
[ Screaming ]
Father!
That was pretty wizard.
wasn't it. son?
What?
I'm bringing it back!
Put me down!
[ Screaming ]
[ "Baba O'Riley" plays ]
You know. looking back.
it all makes sense.
Dream big... live big... love big...
Fall to your death down a giant
[bleep] hole.
Now I know. which is exactly
0% of the battle. apparently.
[ Screaming ]
Think. Palpatine!
How do they do this in the movies?!
Oh. yeah!
"Point break." bitches!
Hmm. this looks promising.
Aah!
[ Squeaking ]
My lord.
Go [bleep] yourself!
Aw.
This is the same chasm!
Wait a minute.
Execute order 67.
[ Electronic music plays ]
♪ Like this ♪
♪ like this ♪
That doesn't sound like order 67.
No. no. wait. yes. Yes. it does.
Yes. it does.
I meant 68.
Execute order 68!
What am I doing. man?
What am I doing?
This is the end.
I've got to make amends for my life.
[ Telephone rings ]
Muy muy.
Jar Jar. it's Palpatine.
Look. I need to apologize for manipulating
you into granting me emergency powers.
It was wrong. and I'm sorry.
Oh. say yes!
Right. Palpy.
Yousa manipulated me.
Okay. Palpy.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Laughs evilly ]
[ Cackles evilly ]
Wow. that felt pretty good.
[ "Baba O'Riley" continues ]
Maybe that Skywalker kid was right.
Okay. Palpatine. if you're
gonna do this. do it.
Let go of your anger.
Let go of your hate.
Oh. hey. there it goes.
Whew. that's nice.
I definitely feel a little
one-ier with the force.
Ooh. maybe I'll get to come back
as one of those blue ghosts.
You were right. Luke.
You were... [bleep]
[ Both scream ]
Oh. my God.
You might want to try a
little manscaping down there.
[ Laughs ]
You're like a short stack of pancakes.
Ugh.
Oh. you stuck around.
Great. you didn't miss the
visual treat of my frozen corpse
floating naked in a vacuum...just what
mama Palpatine dreamed for her little boy.
Sorry. ma.
Anyway. if you stuck around this
long. you'll probably want some
final words of wisdom.
so listen close.
[bleep] you.
♪ Ba-bawk ba-bawk ba-bawk ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba-bawk ♪
♪ bawk. ba-ba-ba-ba-bawk ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-bawk ♪
♪ ba-bawk. ba-ba-ba-ba
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-bawk ♪
[ Groans ]
What happened?
Oh. I was hurt.
I-I think I must have passed out.
Did I take my mask off or something?
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God!
Oh! Oh. God. oh!
[ Screaming ]
Do you hear screaming?
That's just the hiss of the
steam escaping the logs.
[ Singing in native language ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Coughing ]
Oh! Finally!
Two trilogies and I
couldn't say a damn word!
Now. where's that bitch that
called me a walking carpet?
Aah! Aah! I'm on fire!
I'm on fire!
You're not on fire.
Blows. this party does.
Look at that poor bastard. praying
his friends don't see him here.
Let's just jet.
Luke won't even notice.
Hi. guys.
[bleep]
Oh. hey. yeah. hi.
Wrap it up already.
We're not getting any younger.
[ Loud harmonic THX effect ]
Oh. you special edition [bleep].
Up yours!
[ Laughs ]
You're a walking carpet. bitch!
Our one chance this is.
Sweet.
Let's do this.
Whazzup. whazzup?
Fourth-quarter conversion
to the light side. y'all!
My story's not over!
We partying or what?
[ Laughs ]
Oh. this is completely un-wizard.
♪ Bawk bawk bawk bawk ba-ba-ba-bawk ♪
♪ ba-ba-bawk ♪
♪ ba-bawk. bawk bawk bawk ♪
Bawk.
Okay. give me a color.
Pink.
P-i-n-k.
Okay. now give me a number.
Three.
One. two. three.
Okay.
Ooh. you live on Naboo.
You're married to a bookish brunette.
Her name is Tina.
And you work...
Does she have big boobs?
It doesn't say.
Ooh. make that a thing.
I'm not making that a thing.
Okay. you do me now.
[ Rumbling ]
Guys.
Guys. it's me. the Sarlaac pit.
Uh. hi?
Hi. Yeah. look.
Uh. don't mean to be a prick. but you two
guys have got to get the [bleep] put of here.
Both: Wh-o-o-o-oa!
We're...
We're free!
[ Laughs ]
We made it!
Free!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Yeah!
All right!
So...Now what?
[ Piano riff plays ]
[ "Lapti Nek" plays ]
"Episode Siete. Boba on the Hunt"!
Semicolon. "Watch Your Ass. Solo."
And for the love of all that's holy. do
not smash cut to that [bleep] orangu...
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm